<!--
  This README is used on @roryschadler's GitHub profile. For
  more information about this repository, see INFO.md.
-->

# Rory Schadler

## About Me

I'm a software engineer with a deep interest in applying AI and other
computational tools to tackle interesting problems. I'm especially interested in
using AI, quantum computers, and classical computing techniques _together_ to
improve the drug discovery process.

I'm currently working at [Lila Sciences](https://www.lila.ai/), a Flagship
Pioneering startup in Boston, Massachusetts. Lila's mission is to build
scientific superintelligence, to solve humankind's greatest challenges. We're
building a laboratory which will allow AI to explore the boundaries of
knowledge, and expand our understanding of the world. I'm excited to be a part
of this effort, building the platform that will enable this automation of the
scientific method.

I've found scientists often get slowed down by the applications they use. As
deeply technical users, I've found the best tools are those that get out of the
way, allowing scientists to focus on their work, while supporting communication
and collaboration among them. I have experience building and deploying
applications that scientists can actually use, as well as experience working
with those scientists to improve existing workflows and tools. In the pursuit of
usable software for scientists, I've built web apps and orchestration platforms,
deployed on cloud-native and on-premise infrastructure, all while sitting in the
lab side-by-side with my users.

At the end of the day, Iâ€™m enthusiastic about solving problems, using my
analytic and computational skills to approach problems from many angles. I
thrive most when given a hard problem and the chance to understand it, design a
solution, and tackle it.

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/roryschadler/)

<https://roryschadler.me>
